MailMaster.Pro Terms of Service and Acceptable Use Policy

Version 1.0 last updated on 04Apr2023

I - General Terms of Service

1. By using our service(s), You agree to the Terms of Service and Acceptable Use Policy detailed on this page. Hereinafter, "We" is referring to BlackHouse Agency SIA, a limited liability company incorporated in the Republic of Latvia, member state of the European Union, and "You" or "Client" means all our paying clients irrespective of legal form, status and location.
2. Our services, including but not limited to services offered on mailmaster.pro website, are deemed to be provided as a customized business service related to economic or professional activity of our Clients.
3. We reserve the right to review our Terms of Service and Acceptable Use Policy periodically. Clients with active service(s) will receive an advance notice of any updates in such terms and will be provided with an option to cancel their service(s) with us with pro-rated refund in applicable cases if they find the updates unacceptable.
4. We reserve the right to suspend or terminate Your service without prior notice and without any refund for any gross violation of Terms of Service, Acceptable Use Policy or any applicable laws of the country the services are hosted within, as the case may be.
5. Ordering new services and requesting support for active services must take place through our service ticket portal by raising a Sales Ticket or Support Ticket respectively.
6. Upon submission of a new Sales Ticket, You will receive acknowledgment of receipt via e-mail and a separate e-mail with an invoice for the requested service containing payment instructions. Processing of Sales Tickets only starts after successful receipt of Your payment.
7. New services are typically implemented within 8-12 hours after receipt of full payment and privileged access to Your custom domain DNS and VPS controls as specified by us in the respective Sales Ticket communication thread. If You require corporate domain registration assistance, domain name price and registration/transfer timelines will be confirmed individually in the Sales Ticket communication thread.
8. You are required to raise a separate Support Ticket for each new support task You require to be completed by us. If You raise a single Support Ticket for more than one task at a time, first support task mentioned will be actioned and We will create separate Support Ticket(s) for the remaining item(s) on your behalf. This is required as our services are based on ticket quota limits for service cost scalability.
9. Support Tickets You raise within the allowance for Your specific active service (e.g. 10 tickets per annum for VPS [Virtual Private Server] setup service and 10 tickets per month for managed VPS service) are deemed as prepaid and will be actioned automatically. Excess tickets will be charged at a standard rate of 10 EUR per ticket, an invoice for the raised support ticket will be emailed to You containing payment instructions. Actioning of non-prepaid Support Tickets will start after successful receipt of Your payment.
10.Support Tickets for active services are actioned 24/7 during Weekdays (Monday through Friday). Support Tickets submitted during Weekend (Saturday/Sunday) hours will typically be addressed within 8 - 12 hours. Currently we do not offer any service delivery turnaround time guarantees for the standard service packages.
11.Our VPS and Email Server Management Service implies the primary use of such VPS for Email server hosting purposes and require You to grant us exclusive root access and administration privileges. If You wish to use this VPS for any other purpose in parallel, all such activities are required to meet our Acceptable Use Policy, and implemented/managed through Support Ticket requests with us.
12.We are only liable for any direct damages (excluding all consequential damage such as loss of profit, missed savings, reduced goodwill, damage through business interruptions, losses, etc) suffered by You as a result of failure and/or wrongful act attributable to our provision of services to You up to an amount equivalent to the fees You have paid to us during a period of 1 year preceding the event which caused the liability, and only if You give us notice of such liability within 1 calendar month from the date when the damage occurred.
13.You agree to indemnify us for claims that are in any way due to Your attributable failure to adhere to these Terms of Service and Acceptable Use Policy, to a wrongful act or to any other act or omission on Your behalf, including but not limited to claims of third parties with respect to content You make public using our services or claims arising from Your use of our services.

II - Payments

1. Our services can be paid for with various cryptocurrencies, including Monero,  Oxen and Bitcoin. We are running our own in-house crypto payment processing server based off the open-sourced btcpayserver software (more info at btcpayserver.org) to deliver secure and smooth payment experience.
2. Payments by credit or debit cards and SEPA payments are processed by Stripe via payment links in our invoice.
3. SEPA Payments directly to our bank account are also possible, our direct banking details will be provided on our invoice(s) issued to You for the respective Sales Ticket.
4. Invoices for recurring services will be issued to Your registered email address 14 calendar days in advance of the due date. Service is automatically suspended on expiry of invoice due date, and permanently terminated 5 business days past invoice due date. Please contact us as early as possible if you are have temporary payment difficulties as we may be able to offer goodwill terms in certain cases.
5. Credit Card transactions are eligible for a refund within 3 calendar days of the initial order payment. For this reason, service(s) paid with credit card will be actioned only after the expiry of the said cancellation period. An update to the original Sales Ticket must be submitted to request a refund. Cryptocurrency payments are not eligible for refunds.
6. Chargebacks and disputes against any payment will result in immediate suspension of the affected active service until the dispute is resolved.
7. Orders that remain unpaid for more than 5 working days are automatically removed from the system.

III - Client Data

1. Our company delivers online services with the belief that our Clients are entitled to limit the use of their data to the absolute minimum required to obtain quality service product from us.
2. We require no personally identifying information to communicate with us, order and use our services. You are ONLY required to provide a working Email address and a salutation name (e.g. Bob or Alice is fine) so that We are able to reach You as needed for invoicing and service related communication (such as abuse complaints, maintenance notifications, etc).
3. Your Email will be stored in an encrypted format on our company servers and it will not be used for any other purposes and not disclosed to any third parties unless explicitly required by applicable law. It is Your responsibility to make sure Your point of contact is reliable and checked for incoming mail at least weekly. It does not have to be an email address of an individual person. You are welcome to use any free and reliable email forwarding services from 3rd parties, email aliases etc.
4. For our email server setup service, including if applicable also the VPS setup service, access to the server and it's data is handed over to you at service completion and We retain no copies or access credentials. Additionally, You will be provided with instructions to enable additional authentication protections once we hand over server credentials to you so only you have access to it.
5. Our email server management services and post-setup support necessarily imply administrator access to your server whereby We will be technically able to access Your email data. We commit to hold and maintain Your email data in absolute confidence.
6. If You opt in for our off-site weekly VPS snapshot backup service as part of the VPS management, these snapshots will be kept on our servers within the European Economic Area in an encrypted form for the duration of the active service in question. We will not process or share such backups with any third parties. The total size of snapshots cannot exceed your VPS storage capacity, so only the most recent snapshot(s) fitting within this limitation will be retained on a rolling basis. This is an additional safety measure but please note that we do not run backups of backups, so restoration of data due to a hardware failure, user error, or unplanned outage is always done on a best effort basis and we offer no guarantees on snapshot backup availability at any given point of time.
7. If You require custom invoicing with your legal particulars, please mention this in the Sales Ticket thread. Such customized invoices and their specific payee data will be created and stored only within the applicable Sales Ticket thread. Each Sales Ticket thread is archived at the completion of the respective service and kept for a maximum duration of 5 years in an encrypted and access-controlled manner for accounting / tax inspection purposes only.
8. We also run no trackers, use no JavaScript, no external fonts, no Content-Delivery-Networks nor other 3rd party elements on mailmaster.pro website, and it is mirrored on Tor and Lokinet to give Your browsing maximum privacy.

IV - Acceptable Use Policy

1. The use of our services for spamming, phishing, impersonation of known brands/trademarks, distribution of any images, video, or other media that depicts minors sexually (nude or non-nude) is strictly prohibited. Any Client discovered to be in violation of this policy, intentional or otherwise, will have their active service(s) suspended IMMEDIATELY without notice until We are able to reach You for a solution.
2. If the use of our services for spamming is suspected to be intentional, Your service may have common mail ports blocked. We do not tolerate spam as it damages our business reputation. We define spamming as the use of messaging systems to send multiple unsolicited messages to large numbers of recipients for the purpose of commercial advertising, for the purpose of non-commercial proselytizing, for any prohibited purpose, or simply repeatedly sending the same message to the same user.
3. The use of our services for hosting/supporting online services and/or marketplaces that deal in illegal goods and/or services is prohibited. An illegal marketplace will be defined as any platform allowing users and/or vendors to sign up to advertise or request goods and services that would be determined to be illegal in the countries where our services are hosted within. This includes “legal items” sold without consideration for the laws and regulations required to lawfully sell and ship such items.
4. In case we decide to suspend a service due to Acceptable Use Policy violations we will use or our best effort to reach You at Your registered email with a warning notice giving You an opportunity for You to resolve the issue. If we are unable to reach You or You fail to respond within 5 business days, we have the right to cancel and terminate the affected service(s) and irrevocably delete all associated user data without refund. In severe and repeat abuse cases, we reserve the right to terminate the affected service(s) without prior notice.
5. In case our services involve the use of VPS provided by our upstream provider, The Infrastructure Group B.V., You are also bound by their terms of use and policies (LINK) in respect of the use of this VPS for Your needs. You assume all liability for violation of these terms.
